README.md, before:

# Rizzlet
[![CI](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![Frontend](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/azure-static-web-apps-icy-rock-018e11d1e.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/azure-static-web-apps-icy-rock-018e11d1e.yml)
[![Backend](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/main_rizzlet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/main_rizzlet.yml)
### Design

Technical Spec - [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pt8KaxrR4H4lkDkm3iwLrpPXjrTpsPzHESjQOSDFHxA/edit?usp=sharing)

### Coverage Report

On the backend we have achieved 100% coverage (except for the line in db.ts which will connect to the db defined in .env, which we do not want to do.)

![coverage](media/coverage-3-16.png)

## Contributing

### Install Dependencies

In both `frontend/` and `backend/` run:

```
npm install
```

### Run Locally

The environment variables must be set in order for Rizzlet to function. In both `backend/` and `frontend/` please copy .env.sample to .env and
fill out the variables. This involves creating a Google project to enable Oauth and deploying a MongoDB instance. As well as getting the URL to
the backend/frontend.

In `frontend/` run:

```
npm start
```

In `backend/` run:

```
npm start
```

### Code Style

Please install the recommended VSCode extensions to automatically style the code.

Go to the extensions tab on the left, scroll down and install all workspace recommended extensions

Commit message:

Add test instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# Rizzlet
[![CI](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![Frontend](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/azure-static-web-apps-icy-rock-018e11d1e.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/azure-static-web-apps-icy-rock-018e11d1e.yml)
[![Backend](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/main_rizzlet.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Rizzlet/rizzlet/actions/workflows/main_rizzlet.yml)
### Design

Technical Spec - [Link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pt8KaxrR4H4lkDkm3iwLrpPXjrTpsPzHESjQOSDFHxA/edit?usp=sharing)

### Coverage Report

On the backend we have achieved 100% coverage (except for the line in db.ts which will connect to the db defined in .env, which we do not want to do.)

![coverage](media/coverage-3-16.png)

## Contributing

### Install Dependencies

In both `frontend/` and `backend/` run:

```
npm install
```

### Run Locally

The environment variables must be set in order for Rizzlet to function. In both `backend/` and `frontend/` please copy .env.sample to .env and
fill out the variables. This involves creating a Google project to enable Oauth and deploying a MongoDB instance. As well as getting the URL to
the backend/frontend.

In `frontend/` run:

```
npm start
```

In `backend/` run:

```
npm start
```

### Testing

To run the unit tests, run in both `frontend/` and `backend/`: 
```
yarn test
```

### Code Style

Please install the recommended VSCode extensions to automatically style the code.

Go to the extensions tab on the left, scroll down and install all workspace recommended extensions
